win 10G+1G for school
 
 
Thank you for your entry!
Your official entry number is: 05995
 
 
The winning entry will be announced
on Friday, April 24th, 2015 by email
and will also be posted at
http://www.gallerycollection.com/greeting-cards-winners-and-finalists.htm
 
If you have any questions about your entry
please email us at:
scholarshipadmin@gallerycollection.com
 
 
Please tell your friends and classmates about this scholarship contest!! 
If you have a blog, Facebook page, Myspace page, Twitter page or web page please
feel free to post your entry, write about it and link to our website.
http://www.gallerycollection.com/greeting-cards-scholarship.htm

For this entry, I chose to mirror the setting of an old Turkish church. The idea was to 
represent the truest things one would say in a postcard. it seemed logical for the effect 
of nostalgia, being in reminiscence of the time and people of the original printing 
press. the aged representation of the frame mirrors the effect of it being the truest and 
rarest evidence of its content. 

in the picture, you see all the different facets of history and culture. there is the 
science of the plasma globe, the aesthetics of the ornamental vase, the wisdom of buddha,
nature symbolised by flowers, and the joy of christmas. to the far left, you can witness 
the sun, rising out of the water. this is how we actually decorate for christmas. i find 
this to be a better representation of christmas, since it is more permanent and ever
lasting.

http://www.diplomaframe.com/contests/frame-my-future-scholarship-contest-2015/newentry.aspx

Frame My Future Scholarship Contest 2015 Entry Form

Entry Submission Description

Feel the blazing glory of the hot nuclear furnace. in its intensity, the cool and gentle breeze of the 
soft rushing water. and in the water, all life and living things develop. and out of the 
water, there is darkness and void. 

where is humanity in the core of such a heat? it is a thing as present as any other life 
form. daze deep into its dance, its warm and gentle glory, the repetitions form the flower 
leading back to the source, and every flower is of another flower. then is not every 
person not of another people? 

only that which creates is the culture of humanity. until then, there is no past, only the
future. the future constantly generates the past, and the past constantly strives for the 
future. in that, forms the shape that is every other shape. it is the thing that is every
other thing. it is the future, so it is my future.

i wish to do that for the ambient air.